updated configuration entry params for admin partitions 1.11 (#11898)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/config-entries/mesh.mdx

kind: Mesh
metadata:
  name: mesh
  namespace: default

>   partition: default

Author: @freddygv - I removed the partition field from the yaml example in this instance and added some language about why the field about CRDs. Let me know if I understood your comment and if the same action should be taken for the other configuration entries.

</Tab>
</Tabs>

> Note that the Kuberetes example does not include a `partition` field. Configuration entries are applied on Kubernetes using [custom resource definitions (CRD)](/docs/k8s/crds), which can only reference their own partition.

Reviewer: Your wording seems reasonable for this page, but I don't think it generalizes to the other config entries The partition field in this metadata block is about the scope of the CRD. There can be references to other partitions in the spec block (see your edits to the ingress-gateway config entry docs as an example [here](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blame/docs/service-mesh-config-entries-add-partitions--1.11.0/website/content/docs/connect/config-entries/ingress-gateway.mdx#L503)).

```suggestion
Note that the Kuberetes example does not include a `partition` field. Configuration entries are applied on Kubernetes using [custom resource definitions (CRD)](/docs/k8s/crds), which can only be scoped to their own partition.
```

Author: @freddygv  - Thanks, but I'm still unclear as to how to explain why the partition param appears in the HCL and JSON, but not in the YAML for other configuration entries. Do you mean that the partition param for other CRDs is specified in the spec block? I want to be clear about the differences between the formats for all configuration entries.

        },
        {
          name: 'namespace',
          enterprise: true,
          description:
            'Must be set tot `default`. If running Consul Open Source, the namespace is ignored (see [Kubernetes Namespaces in Consul OSS](/docs/k8s/crds#consul-oss)). If running Consul Enterprise see [Kubernetes Namespaces in Consul Enterprise](/docs/k8s/crds#consul-enterprise) for additional information.',
        },
        {
          name: 'partition',
          enterprise: true,
          description:

>             'Specifies the admin partition in which the configuration will apply. The current partition is used if unspecified. Refer to the [Admin Partitions documentation](/docs/enterprise/admin-partitions) for details. The partitions parameter is not supported in Consul OSS.',

Reviewer: There are other files in this PR where this is being done.
